feat(cli): allow workload package to upload resources (#3268)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/commands/svc-package.en.md

## What are the flags?

```bash
  -a, --app string          Name of the application.
  -e, --env string          Name of the environment.
  -h, --help                help for package
  -n, --name string         Name of the service.
      --output-dir string   Optional. Writes the stack template and template configuration to a directory.
      --tag string          Optional. The service's image tag.

>       --upload-resources    Optional. Whether to upload dependency resources (e.g., image that needs to build and push), so that the output of `copilot svc package` can be directly used for deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --upload-resources    Optional. Whether to upload dependency resources (e.g., an image that needs to be built and pushed), so that the output of `copilot svc package` can be directly used for deployment.
```
